concourse/README.md, before:

## Assumptions
- Docker is running locally
- OS is macOS

> **Note**
> Tested on macOS `12.7` running Docker Engine `24.0.6`

## How to use this module?

1. From this dir, build a compatible Dagger CLI & Engine:
```sh
cd ../
git submodule init && git submodule update
cd dagger && ./hack/dev
```
2. Check that you are using the correct Dagger CLI & Engine:
```sh
cd ../concourse && direnv allow
dagger version
dagger serve
```
3. Run this module:
```sh
dagger serve concourse.quickstart
```

Concourse Web UI is now available via <http://localhost:8080> 

![Concourse in Dagger](concourse.png)

## How to configure a Concourse pipeline?

1. Download `fly` from <http://localhost:8080/api/v1/cli?arch=amd64&platform=darwin> (bottom right corner)
2. Add the `concourse.yml` pipeline from this directory (requires DockerHub credentials)
```sh
fly login -t dagger -c http://localhost:8080 -u dagger -p dagger

export DOCKER_USERNAME=user
export DOCKER_PASSWORD=pass
fly set-pipeline -c concourse.yml -p concourse -t dagger \
    --var "docker.username=$DOCKER_USERNAME" \
    --var "docker.password=$DOCKER_PASSWORD"

fly unpause-pipeline -p concourse -t dagger
```
3. View this pipeline in the UI <http://localhost:8080/teams/main/pipelines/concourse>
    - Requires login with username `dagger` & password `dagger` <http://localhost:8080/sky/login>

This is what the end-result will look like:

![Concourse pipeline running in Concourse in Dagger](concourse-pipeline.png)

Commit message:

Enable a single-command Concourse on macOS with Dagger v0.9.0
The following spins up Concourse on macOS

    dagger up --mod github.com/vito/daggerverse/concourse quickstart --native --runtime houdini

See the README for more details (updated screenshots).

Port 9060 is a reference to 9:06, specifically https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37998577

Also fixed the external URL - https is not working out of the box.

Signed-off-by: Gerhard Lazu <gerhard@dagger.io>

concourse/README.md, after:

## Assumptions
- Docker running locally
- Dagger CLI `0.9.0` or newer is installed

> **Note**
> Tested on NixOS `22.11` running Docker Engine `20.10.21` & Dagger `0.9.0`

## How to use this module?

```sh
# On the first run, expect this to take 1min or more, depending on your internet connection:
dagger up quickstart --native
```

> **Note**
> If running the above command on macOS, append `--runtime houdini` to the command.

Concourse Web UI is now available via <http://localhost:9060> 

![Concourse in Dagger](concourse.png)

## How to configure a Concourse pipeline?

> **Warning**
> Volumes in Concourse will not work correctly if you are running on macOS.

1. Download `fly` from <http://localhost:9060/api/v1/cli?arch=amd64&platform=darwin> (bottom right corner)
2. Add the `concourse.yml` pipeline from this directory (requires DockerHub credentials)
```sh
fly login -t dagger -c http://localhost:9060 -u dagger -p dagger

export DOCKER_USERNAME=user
export DOCKER_PASSWORD=pass
fly set-pipeline -c concourse.yml -p concourse -t dagger \
    --var "docker.username=$DOCKER_USERNAME" \
    --var "docker.password=$DOCKER_PASSWORD"

fly unpause-pipeline -p concourse -t dagger
```
3. View this pipeline in the UI <http://localhost:9060/teams/main/pipelines/concourse>
    - Requires login with username `dagger` & password `dagger` <http://localhost:9060/sky/login>

This is what the end-result will look like:

![Concourse pipeline running in Concourse in Dagger](concourse-pipeline.png)
